README.md, before:

#[Turtle Player](http://www.turtle-player.co.uk/ "Turtle Player")
![Turtle Player Logo][1]
###Free, Fully Fledged & Open-Source.
###The Music Player for Android.

Turtle Player is designed to be a fun and unique app for playing your music on the move, while in a advertisment-free app. Originally developed by Edd Turtle, it is now a community driven app with help from developers (namely Simon Honegger) on Github. Give it a go today!

##How to Contribute

1) First, pull the source code from this GitHub repository to your local machine:

    git pull git@github.com:eddturtle/TurtlePlayer.git

2) Also pull the submodule dependency for mp3agic.

    git submodule update --init

3) Copy the mp3agic 'com' package folder (inside mp4agic/src) into the Turtle Player src folder.

4) Import the project in Eclipse (or your chosen Android IDE).

5) Make super-awesome improvements...

6) Create a Pull Request back to this repository.

###License
Source is licenced under the [MIT](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php "MIT License") & [GPL](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html "General Public License").

  [1]: http://www.turtle-player.co.uk/img/small-logo.png

Commit message:

Add Logo & More helpful hints.

README.md, after:

#[Turtle Player](http://www.turtle-player.co.uk/ "Turtle Player")

<img src="http://www.turtle-player.co.uk/img/logo-medium.png" alt="" align="left" />

###Free, Fully Fledged & Open-Source. The Music Player for Android.

Turtle Player is designed to be a fun and unique app for playing your music on the move, while in a advertisment-free app. Originally developed by Edd Turtle, it is now a community driven app with help from developers (namely Simon Honegger) on Github. Give it a go today!

##How to Contribute

1) First, pull the source code from this git repository to your local machine:

    git pull git@github.com:eddturtle/TurtlePlayer.git

2) Initialise the submodule dependency for mp3agic.

    git submodule update --init

3) Copy the mp3agic source folder (inside mp3agic/src/main/java/com/mpatric) into the Turtle Player src folder.

4) Import the project in Eclipse (or your chosen Android IDE).

5) Make super-awesome improvements...

6) Create a Pull Request back to this repository.

###License 
Source is licenced under the [MIT](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php "MIT License") & [GPL](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html "General Public License").

  [1]: http://www.turtle-player.co.uk/img/logo-medium.png
